hello freak bitches you you worked at
Salt Lake City right I have yes very
good room on the wiseguys
yeah I feel sorry for those people
living in Salt Lake City surrounded by
all those Mormons but it's beautiful
there and Mormons are nice if you're
gonna be around religious nutters those
are the people yeah they're not mean
people at all and all Donna's a Mormon
she was I mean yes she was was yeah I
mean she was getting it no she probably
let you go I think they probably found
on that career decision yeah I don't
know why though she retire yeah yeah she
did do you say it was sadness like it
was like a fucking like Babe Ruth
retired you know I just haven't seen her
in a while she does yeah she made that
she made it really was luckiest girl on
the face of the earth
you'll Gary Cooper Gehrig for you I just
wonder if she can hold interred still
that's my only question I want to know
cuz you know she was getting baseball
bats up her pussy no up her ass yes okay
baseball bat in our ass
did she really yes there's a video of it
and it's just so weird to watch it's
like okay there you go
hey what did that baby's own they don't
piss all over the place oh yeah I guess
you can still yeah but that's an asshole
her baseball bat went in her asshole
right well is he holding turds I'm like
I guess those muscles meet you know I
guess but people do have problems people
that like engage in those activities
really do have problems stretching out
their their anus muscles oh my I can
take a little bit of a finger and I
can't take anything I was dating this
chick and her roommate had sex with her
boyfriend and he fucked her in the ass
and her sphincter must have relaxed and
she shit on him while they were sleeping
and she shit the bed oh wow and anyway
he got up and you know and the door
slammed and the guy was like standing in
the hallway like this poor fuck it's
bland you know the girl is dating
telling me what happened I'm like oh no
shit in my mouth this year I told you
that is that's horrible I know Jeannie
girl's ass out who was on ecstasy for a
first time and
my mouth cuz you can feel it yeah I can
see that
you don't want an accidental ones that's
not gonna be a good one now it wasn't
solid either I think I would prefer to
yeah solid one there's something about a
solid one you okay this kind of looks
like a fucking you know a smokestack
there's something cool about it this is
not a subject I'm really into but there
is a woman this German woman who does
shit porn where people shit on her and
she's like the queen of shit porn don't
ask me how I know that somebody posted
it on my message board and I followed a
fucking all on link hole I went from
link to link the link till I got to her
site and watched some of her video
what's her site good egg calm winner
winner winner shit dinner it's just
people shitting in her mouth and she's
covered in shit and it's she she eats it
yeah it's making me swallow like a child
no no no throwing up it's making me
extra salivate thinking about how
disgusting it was but she was just
eating logs that were coming on this
guy's ass yeah guys ask a guy should
study awful she says it's better she
says it's spicier cuz many more meat and
she was like sick explaining yeah I
don't know it's a spicy log she's
sitting there smoking cigarettes
explaining in German why she loves
eating shit and she she's got a like a
stomach of a billy goat she never gets
sick and she fills herself up with shit
and that's great
you know but this is like the things
there's so many types of people out
there in this world this there's no
normal there's like expectations of
normality there's like a spectrum and
they fought most people fall into like
this area but there's enough people out
there that like watching her eat shit
that she makes a living eating shit she
has a website eating shit she's a member
section she's famous for it they're
interviewing her asking her questions
they're using a camera I mean it's like
the whole deal it's like she's you know
there's no there's a not it's not one
person that likes watching her eat shit
it's a whole group well the funny thing
is too that like when you think like the
fact that she smokes on top of it to
make your breath worse then fucking
eating some fucking to some Nazis logs
having a cigarette afterwards imagina
burps shit cigarette shit burps yeah
craft service is all fucking coffee and
tuna salad just really awful stuff your
sneezes I am almost throwing up thinking
about this sneezes it's a little awful a
spray that's fiber if you had like a
cheesecloth in front of her you could
see you know she make a raw shark
[Applause]
[Music]